fix(docs): Minor edit to SPEC.md (#5195)
influxdata/flux: docs/SPEC.md

##### Type variables

> Polymorphic types are represented via "type variables" which are specified with a single uppercase

Author: Or maybe 

```suggestion
Polymorphism is represented via "type variables" which are specified with a single uppercase
```

Reviewer: I like the `Polymorphic types` version.
